welcome again to this your channel
favorite I am samuel kunz and in this
I bring you a very sweet recipe
and very cloying
In fact, I had to do one or the other
recipe because the last videos were
of crafts with your being is about
the truth is that this week has been
making a lot of heat here in the
beach so I gave myself the homework of
look for refreshing recipes I know not
in all places it's hot
obviously even in some states of
Mexico is getting very cold but
Well the truth is that you can not imagine the
heat that is doing here but from
any way they can make this recipe
when you want and well we're going
to do nothing more and nothing less than
delicious strawberries with cream super the
abbot always always always a gift
secret always always always in
punctuated
It is a super super simple dessert
do you will take them if 10-15
minutes to do it and that's a lot so
let's go for the kitchen to start
to work
to make this delicious dessert
we need fresh strawberries half a kilo
a can of condensed milk two cans
of average cream or cream common and current
and a spoonful of lemon juice
as I told you before it 's a dessert
very easy to make we take a container
deep and add the strawberries remember
they have to be super disinfected
do not forget to separate a few for the
decoration below we are going to
crush all the strawberries
add the two cans of half cream
remember that you can add
ordinary cream or from the one that
Like you can add more or less cream
depending on how you like it
mix everything well and then add
condensed milk
If you feel that you lack sugar, add
what do you think is necessary
finally add the lemon juice this
step is not in the family recipe without
But it is in the recipe of Samuel Kunz
you stop half of your strawberries with cream
and you put them in the blender as it is
totally liquid incorporate it with the
other half
mix everything very well and they already believe
we have some delicious strawberries with cream
you just need to refrigerate a little
minimum half hour
and good in terms of decoration is
question of you playing a little and you
put something creative I'll leave you here
only an idea
yes
as you can see it is a recipe but
very simple they do not have anything of joke and
it's a very rich recipe, you can
eat at room temperature but I'll
I recommend that the minimum goals a
half an hour to the refrigerator so that what
you can enjoy yourself fresh while more
ice cream better let's see how I stay
you can not imagine how rich you are
you can decorate it as you like
put strawberries is not coconut raisins granola
You can even put chocolates
ferrero rocher and tastes delicious I
dismissal I hope you liked this
tutorial one of my favorite desserts
they are rich they have to do it they have
what do they have to do they have to
do they have to do it
show this recipe to your mom so that
I make you this delicious dessert or you
prepare it to be surprised
handyman up if they liked the video
leave me all your comments doubts and
suggestions on the bottom of the
video to answer them in the brevity
possible and subscribe so you do not
lose any video come very things
parents things new things that are going to
like it quickly before I go I'm going to
send a few greetings
rodri cerviño if you are watching this video
greeting friends or you've been very involved
pending in my social networks lad
vandalia I do not know if it says so
apologize greetings
alfredo for nothing too thank you very much
I was pending in my networks
social for all the messages and your
comments
thank you very much mayré sal but also
that you asked me to send you greetings
here they are and also to all those who
you come videos the ones that give you I like the
who share those who subscribe
thank you
Greetings to all of you kisses I know
called some and see you next
Saturday goodbye